Update autostart.rst (#861)
syncthing/docs: users/autostart.rst

you can still access the interface by opening http://localhost:8384 in
a Web browser.

> Using newer versions of Windows, the flag "--no-console" is reported to be not working

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Windows 10 or 11 with Windows Terminal set as the default shell, the flag "--no-console" is reported to be not working
```
